in Bogota thousands of citizens are victims of excessive collections by
of taxi drivers because the truth is that one as a user
when you get into a taxi
i realize that the idea some
of regularity
well
percent to one have refused to make the claim
why
can be a mother and from other countries
well, the
the government is not up to date to have a
a dining room controlled before that so that there
those arbitrariness no no no that's why the challenge for any other but what
they make those turn
or maybe to europe especially through brand rapto one hundred be and that many
times
The main cause of this situation is due to the alteration of the taximeters
that generated the loss of more than 300 million pesos a day to the
inhabitants of the Colombian capital
this issue has aroused the interest of the main authorities of Bogota
among them the councilman javier lastra have an investigation carried out in
January 2009 showed that 50% of the taxis that roll in Bogota possess
the taximeter altered cm
yes
taracena
the team
of everything
the receivers
at
by means of electronic devices such as the infamous doll
installed by some mechanics the taximeters can generate patterns of
count faster than those stipulated in decree 208 2008 of the
mayoralty of bogota
in which it is indicated that the count should be 59 pesos per unit traveled
every 100 meters or every 30 seconds
how are those mechanisms and how do they work
many times has driven that
many countrymen with him somewhere in the world because in Navarre change
in the lights and what happens with the one they met when 1%
l generates an incorrect alpha taximeter information that what it does
the device the secretary andrés garcía tebar
the priest occasions that the loss of the apparatus I marked
2 3 units where the marker
that's what is going very well
with fines corresponding to half a minimum wage
and operational controls by the Metropolitan Transit Police and the
mobility secretariat seeks to reduce the alarming figures given to
meet for the councilor lastra
the procedures that are currently carried out
are a little
by all is to say it that's why the mobility secretariat
percent at this time is in the process of acquiring the
portable equipment
with which it is going to be this
this procedure much more technified hit and we hope that we
throw very good results
only expected to be measures that are intended to be adopted by the government
state
be positive, provide security and confidence to the thousands of users who
daily take a taxi the ciaboga
by default at a point t
informed álvaro gómez and daniel salgado